feat(curriculum): Add fCC Authors Page Project to JS Cert (#49655)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-fetch-and-promises-by-building-an-fcc-authors-page/63ff7f1fa497db1ef87bac1d.md

---
id: 63ff7f1fa497db1ef87bac1d
title: Step 10
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-10
---

# --description--

> Inside your `forEach`, destructure the `author`, `image`, `url`, and `bio` items. You don't need to assign them to anything, just put them in a curly brace inside the `forEach`.
> 
> Also, put an `index` parameter inside the `forEach`, but it should be outside of the destructuring. This `index` will represent the position of each authors. It'll be useful for fetching just what you want and paginating the authors. 

Reviewer: Tried to make this a bit more general in some places, and clear up the language a bit:

```suggestion
Pass an empty callback function to the `forEach` method. For the first parameter of the callback, destructure the `author`, `image`, `url`, and `bio` items. You don't need to assign them new names – just wrap those keys in curly braces.

For the second parameter, pass in `index`. This will represent the position of each author, and will be useful for pagination later.
```

  flex-wrap: wrap;
  justify-content: center;
}

.user-card {
  border-radius: 15px;
  width: 300px;
  height: 350px;
  background-color: var(--light-grey);
  margin: 20px;
}

.user-img {
  width: 150px;
  height: 150px;
  object-fit: cover;
}

.purple-divider {
  background-color: var(--dark-purple);
  width: 100%;
  height: 15px;
}

.author-name {
  margin: 10px;
}

.bio {
  margin: 20px;
}

.error-msg {
  color: var(--light-grey);
}

.btn {
  cursor: pointer;
  width: 200px;
  margin: 10px;
  color: var(--main-bg-color);
  font-size: 14px;
  background-color: var(--golden-yellow);
  background-image: linear-gradient(#fecc4c, #ffac33);
  border-color: var(--golden-yellow);
  border-width: 3px;
}
```

```js
const authorContainer = document.getElementById('author-container');
const loadMoreBtn = document.getElementById('load-more-btn');

let startingIndex = 0;
let endingIndex = 8;
let authorDataArr = [];

fetch('https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/news-author-page/authors.json')
  .then((res) => res.json())
  .then((data) => {
    console.log(data);   
  })
  .catch((err) => {
    console.error(`There was an error: ${err}`);
  });

const displayAuthors = (authors) => {

>   authors.forEach(
>     --fcc-editable-region--
> 
>     --fcc-editable-region--
>   );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --fcc-editable-region--
  authors.forEach();
  --fcc-editable-region--
```

---
id: 63ff7f1fa497db1ef87bac1d
title: Step 9
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-9
---

# --description--

Now, we need to take what we need from each of the author object. This is called destructuring. Inside each object in the array are `author`, `image`, `url`, and `bio` items. We will need all of them to populate the author info on the UI.

This is how you can destructure in JavaScript:

```js
const freeCodeCamp = {
  founder: 'Quincy Larson',
  type: 'Non-profit',
  funding: 'Donations',
};

const { founder, type } = freeCodeCamp;

console.log(founder) // Quincy Larson
console.log(type) // Non-profit
```

> That means I took out the `founder` and `type` items from the object.

Reviewer 2: While this is a good explanation, I don't think we need to give that much detail at this point in the curriculum because campers will have worked with object destructing a few times in earlier projects.

Personally, I think we should remove this and just leave the last two paragraphs you wrote.
